1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?

    
It helped me a lot.. as i didnt have to look up line by line which would have been more tedious job.

2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

    
It allows  us to know what are the changes made into the file.. 
As a programmer it gives me an advantage to get the prevoius
file and start from there rather than starting from scrath

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    
Pros:We get to choose when to commit and when no to.. 
2.We can keep a track of our commits
Cons:1.We might not commit regular intervals
2. We might lose our development if we loose our files that was written 


4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    

Git allows multiple file commits because it allows better track of the different files interrelated for the project
this allows us to get hold of all the files within the same repository.

5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log can be used to get list of commits of a certian file over a peroid of time and git diff allows us to know the different
alterations made from the previous one to the new one..
    


6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

    

using version control i have all the version of file.. so even if i lost something in between i can revert to the old state
and start from there


7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    
I will use Git to save my project files and its versions.. so that i can make changes within without being afraid that
i will break the project.. 


